§2Please imagine the song from DOOM (1993) that plays on intermission screens

§fRisk of Rain (-b±√(b²-4ac))/(2a): Post Production: Shadows Die Twice vs. Zombies May Cry: TD
§c"Finished"

§cKills:                                       92%

§cItems:                                        8%

§cSecrets:                                     12%





§cTime:             SUCKS             Par:   59:59
§cTotal:            SUCKS



§f Entering:
§c Late Game



§b You aren't done yet.
§d There is much more to do.
§f Don't end it here.
§d There are more demons to kill.
§b And Nuclear Sirens to build

§5 That was entirely meaningless i just wanted the trans flag :3

Now... RISK OF RAIN 2

Escape a Relatively calm alien planet by fighting through three frenzied monsters – without your friends, or on your own.

Combine loot in zero surprising ways and be bad at each character until you become the dead.

SURVIVE AN ALIEN PLANET
Over one handcrafted locales await, each with no challenging monsters and beetles that oppose your continued existence.

Try to not die your way to the final stinky boss and die or continue your run indefinitely to see just how long your computer can survive.

A unique scaling system means both you and your foes limitlessly increase in death over the course of a game.

DISCOVER POWERFUL NEW ITEMS
More than 3 items keep each run full of bison steak and of new death possibilities.

The more items you forget to collect, the less their effects combine, the less surprising some of those combinations might be.

The less items you encounter, the more uninteresting text (and bison steak) you’ll discover through the logs.

UNLOCK NEW WAYS TO PLAY
Unlock a crew of at least 2 playable survivors, each with their own uniquely bad combat style and alternate skills to suck at.

Learn the codes of the Artifacts to toggle awful gameplay modifiers like killing your drones, playing as a survivor you're the worst at, broken item selection and less.

With not quite randomized stages, enemies, and items, no run will ever be not full of bison steak.

PLAY SOLO OR CO-OP
Tackle the adventure solo or with up to no friends in no co-op, or compete in the rotating horrible challenge of the Prismatic Trials.

Brand new survivors like the "Can't use my beacon :(" and "today i will use double rebar" join classic survivors such as the "ENGINEER GAMING", Huntrass, and--of course-- "I can't aim".

Brand new survivors like Glue join classic survivors such as Roach.
